one of the keys to Apple is apples an
incredibly collaborative company and so
you know how many committees we have at
Apple no zero we have no committees no
committee we are there we are organized
like a start-up one person is in charge
of iPhone OS software one person is in
charge of Mac hardware one person is in
charge of iPhone hardware engineering
another person is in charge of worldwide
marketing another person is in charge of
operations it's we're organized like a
startup we're the biggest startup on the
planet and we all meet for three hours
once a week and we talk about everything
we're doing the whole business and
there's tremendous teamwork at the top
of the company which filters down to
tremendous teamwork throughout the
company and teamwork is dependent on
trusting the other folks to come through
with their part without watching them
all the time
but trusting that they're going to come
through with their parts and that's what
we do really well and we're great at
figuring out how to divide things up
into these great teams that we have and
all work on the same thing touch bases
frequently and bring it all together
into a product we do that really well
and so what I do all day is meet with
teams of people and work on ideas and
solve problems to make new products to
make new marketing programs whatever it
is and are people willing to tell you
you're wrong yeah I mean other than
snarky journalists I mean people are
bored ya know we have wonderful
arguments and do you win them all or oh
no I wish I did I'll see you can't if
you want to hire great people and have
them stay working for you you have to
let them make a lot of decisions and you
have to you have to be run by ideas not
hierarchy
the best ideas have to win so otherwise
good people don't stay but you must be
more than a facilitator who runs
meetings you obviously contribute your
own ideas I contribute ideas sure well
why would I be there if I didn't